Genesis 1:1|In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Matthew 5:16|Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
Psalms 23:1|The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Isaiah 40:31|But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
John 14:27|Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
Proverbs 3:5-6|Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Romans 8:28|And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
1Corinthians 16:14|Let all that you do be done in love.
Ephesians 4:32|And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.
Psalms 119:105|Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
Philippians 4:13|I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
1Peter 5:7|Casting all your care upon Him, for He cares for you.
Proverbs 16:3|Commit your works to the Lord, and your plans will be established.
Psalms 46:10|Be still and know that I am God.
John 3:16|For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Romans 12:2|Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may discern what is the will of God, what is good and acceptable and perfect.
Psalms 37:4|Delight yourself in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Proverbs 3:9|Honor the Lord with your wealth and with the firstfruits of all your produce.
Romans 12:12|Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
Proverbs 15:1|A soft answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.
Psalms 19:14|Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight, O Lord, my rock and my redeemer.
2Corinthians 5:17|Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come.
1John 1:9|If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Proverbs 4:23|Keep your heart with all vigilance, for from it flow the springs of life.
1Nephi 3:7|And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
2Nephi 2:25|Men are that they might have joy.
Alma 37:37|Counsel with the Lord in all thy doings, and he will direct thee for good; yea, when thou liest down at night lie down unto the Lord, that he may watch over you in your sleep; and when thou risest in the morning let thy heart be full of thanks unto God; and if ye do these things, ye shall be lifted up at the last day.
Moroni 10:5|And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things.
3Nephi 18:15|And if it so be that the church is built upon my gospel then will the Father show forth his own works in it.
Helaman 5:12|And now, my sons, remember, remember that it is upon the rock of our Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that ye must build your foundation; that when the devil shall send forth his mighty winds, yea, his shafts in the whirlwind, yea, when all his hail and his mighty storm shall beat upon you, it shall have no power over you to drag you down to the gulf of misery and endless wo, because of the rock upon which ye are built, which is a sure foundation, a foundation whereon if men build they cannot fall.
Mosiah 2:17|And behold, I tell you these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God.
Ether 12:27|And if men come unto me I will show unto them their weakness. I give unto men weakness that they may be humble; and my grace is sufficient for all men that humble themselves before me; for if they humble themselves before me, and have faith in me, then will I make weak things become strong unto them.
2Nephi 32:3|Angels speak by the power of the Holy Ghost; wherefore, they speak the words of Christ.
Alma 32:21|And now as I said concerning faith—faith is not to have a perfect knowledge of things; therefore if ye have faith ye hope for things which are not seen, which are true.
Moroni 7:45|And charity suffereth long, and is kind, and envieth not, and is not puffed up, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, and rejoiceth not in iniquity but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.
1Nephi 17:3|And thus we see that by small means the Lord can bring about great things.
Helaman 3:35|Nevertheless they did fast and pray oft, and did wax stronger and stronger in their humility, and firmer and firmer in the faith of Christ, unto the filling their souls with joy and consolation, yea, even to the purifying and the sanctification of their hearts, which sanctification cometh because of their yielding their hearts unto God.
Mosiah 3:19|For the natural man is an enemy to God, and has been from the fall of Adam, and will be, forever and ever, unless he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit, and putteth off the natural man and becometh a saint through the atonement of Christ the Lord, and becometh as a child, submissive, meek, humble, patient, full of love, willing to submit to all things which the Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit to his father.
3Nephi 12:48|Therefore I would that ye should be perfect even as I, or your Father who is in heaven is perfect.
Mormon 8:10|And there are many among us who have many revelations, for they are not all stiffnecked. And as many as are not stiffnecked and have faith, have communion with the Holy Spirit, which maketh manifest unto the children of men, according to their faith.
1Nephi 4:6|I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
Moroni 10:32|Yea, come unto Christ, and be perfected in him, and deny yourselves of all ungodliness; and if ye shall deny yourselves of all ungodliness, and love God with all your might, mind and strength, then is his grace sufficient for you, that by his grace ye may be perfect in Christ; and if by the grace of God ye are perfect in Christ, ye can in nowise deny the power of God.
Alma 13:28|And an angel said unto me: Behold the Lamb of God, yea, even the Son of the Eternal Father! Knowest thou the meaning of the tree which thy father saw?
2Nephi 25:26|And we talk of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, we preach of Christ, we prophesy of Christ, and we write according to our prophecies, that our children may know to what source they may look for a remission of their sins.
Moroni 7:48|Wherefore, my beloved brethren, pray unto the Father with all the energy of heart, that ye may be filled with this love, which he hath bestowed upon all who are true followers of his Son, Jesus Christ; that ye may become the sons of God; that when he shall appear we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is; that we may have this hope; that we may be purified even as he is pure.
Mosiah 18:9|And it came to pass that he said unto them: Behold, here are the waters of Mormon (for thus were they called) and now, as ye are desirous to come into the fold of God, and to be called his people, and are willing to bear one another’s burdens, that they may be light;
1Nephi 17:50|And it came to pass that we did again take our journey, traveling nearly the same course as in the beginning; and after we had traveled for the space of many days we did pitch our tents again, that we might tarry for the space of a time.
Ether 3:14|Behold, I am he who was prepared from the foundation of the world to redeem my people. Behold, I am Jesus Christ. I am the Father and the Son. In me shall all mankind have life, and that eternally, even they who shall believe on my name; and they shall become my sons and my daughters.
